Explain when a relay can reuse or must reset a subgroup (#948)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

with a reliable_size equal to the length of the stream header. This explicitly
tells the receiver there is an unsent Subgroup.

A relay MUST NOT forward an Object on an existing Subgroup stream unless it is

> the next Object in that Subgroup.  A relay can know that that an Object is next
> Object in the Subgroup if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the next Object in that Subgroup.  A relay knows that that an Object is the next
Object in the Subgroup if
```

> Object in the Subgroup if

Reviewer 2: IIUC , these are OR conditions and not AND conditions. If so, can we clarify by adding "or" at the end of each option

 * the Object ID is one greater than the previous Object sent on this Subgroup
   stream.
 * the Object was received on the same upstream Subgroup stream as the
   previously sent Object, with no other Objects in between.
 * it knows all Object IDs between the current and previous Object IDs

>    on the Subgroup stream belong to different Subgroups or do not exist.

Reviewer 2: May be we should add the fetch case too here ?
